{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solitus et Pacem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Accustomed to Peace}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tournam Anthurous}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Tournament of Guardians of Humanity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lux Tenebris}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Light of Darkness}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aniquil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1dora}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Annihilator}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anthronihilum Mandetta}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandate (order, command) to annihilate mankind (reduce to nothing)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Requires 90% consensus from members of the Senatus de Anthurous. Aniquil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1dora must be named to perform the censure of humans. For every Aniquil\u225\'E1dora named, a group of at minimum two Intervectus must be named as overseers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aniquil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1dora}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Annihilator\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Immortal(s) responsible for wiping out entire cities and population centers as part of the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Anthronihilum Mandetta}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Annhilus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Title, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Annihilator\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Title given to those selected as Aniquil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1dora}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interfectorem ad Statera (short \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interfectorem\u8221\'94)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killers for Balance\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group of Immortals responsible for killing the Aniquil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1dora if they transgress limitations or orders from the Senatus de Anthurous as part of an Anthronihilum Mandetta.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intervector}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Title given to one of the Interfectorem.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vwarlupus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Warwolf\u8221\'94, origin \u8220\'93Werewolf\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vwarvulpes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Warfox\u8221\'94, origin \u8220\'93Werefox\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Specifically a fox-like Vwarbaast}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vwarbaast}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Warbeast\u8221\'94, origin \u8220\'93Werebeast\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beast capable of utilizing magic. Vwarbaasts are the magically-imbued variants of a non-magical beast. They tend to be much larger than their normal counterparts and display human-level cognizance and sentience, including the ability to understand speech and nuances of human expression and non-verbal communication. However, Vwarbaast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lack the ability to actually speak in human tongues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animalis Magnus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great Animal\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Categorization for all Vwarbaasts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animalis Magnus Supremis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Supreme Animal\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Categorization for animals capable of speaking human tongues. Some Vwarbaasts have been known to become specimens of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Animalis Supremis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animalis Magnus Immortalis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Immortal Animal\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Categorization for Immortal animals that do not (or cannot) speak in human tongues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animalis Magnus Immortalis Supremis }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lit. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Supreme Immortal Animal\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Categorization for Immortal animals also able to speak human tongues.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animus}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}